Add ui docs description (#585)
alexandrevilain/temporal-operator: docs/features/temporal-ui.md

This page is WIP. Feel free to contribute [on github](https://github.com/alexandrevilain/temporal-operator/edit/main/docs/features/temporal-ui.md).

> Temporal-operator supports configuring WEB UI for Temporal clusters. You can get more informations about Event histories backup on [Temporal documentation](https://docs.temporal.io/web-ui).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Temporal-operator supports configuring web UI for Temporal clusters. You can get more informations about web UI on [Temporal documentation](https://docs.temporal.io/web-ui).
```

## Create Ingress

> Ingress is an optional ingress configuration for the UI. If lived empty, no ingress configuration will be created and the UI will only by available trough ClusterIP service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingress is an optional ingress configuration for the UI. If leaved empty, no ingress configuration will be created and the UI will only by available through ClusterIP service.
```

## Override UI deployment

> Override UI deployment can be used to set [Web UI env vars](https://docs.temporal.io/references/web-ui-environment-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Web UI overrides can be used to set [web UI environment variables](https://docs.temporal.io/references/web-ui-environment-variables).
```
